Today, the Orthodox world honors the memory
Saint Iona Metropolitan of Moscow and
All Russia wonderworker
still a young monk and anise metropolitan
Moscow Foti predicted that he will
the great saint of the Russian church and
many will guide the way of salvation the truth
it happened a little unusual
the way the saint wished to bless
monks of the monastery who were in
monastic obedience oh yes found in
sleeping bakery
monk who is tired of many works
right hand yong and even 8 held
blessing gesture
the saint regretted the monk and ordered not
wake him up and predicted by those present
great fate that awaits and he and truth
in a few years and he will stop
Bishop of Ryazan and Murom
and after a short while it becomes
the successor of the late saint fote
and heads the Moscow metropolis as
true archpastor
he jealously claims piety in
peoples
strengthens the Orthodox faith and firm
in words the good deed is for the flock
his example of a beneficent but in
same time modest life
honored for the ministry for
people and for the good of the church for nothing
vision and wonderworking
he saved Moscow from ruin of the Tatars
with tears begged the metropolitan of God
saving the city and people and seeing on the way
his monk antony that led the truth
the benefactor of life the saint asked
his son and my brother antony pray
merciful god and the most pure virgin
about the deliverance of the city and all the Orthodox
Christians humble antony replied
great saint
thank god and most pure his mother and
heard your prayers
and she begged her son the city ​​and all
Orthodox Christians will be saved by
your enemies will soon be your prayers
defeated only me destined from
gentlemen be killed by enemies and 2 old man
said it like an enemy arrow pierced
its but the Tatars came true incomprehensible
way fled from Moscow and the capital city
Ion the saint died
1461 and his power became famous
multiple miracles and healings
June 28, the day of remembrance of St.
Metropolitan of Moscow and All Russia
wonderworker